
Mahindra interview : https://www.interviewbit.com/tech-mahindra-interview-questions/amp/ 




Coupa interview

Round 1:

what is data structure? which of them do you know

which ds you have used in your project

hashmap working 

write a program to find duplex in an array

dry run it

optimize it further

what will you do if you have to find triplex

if problem occured in your project what will you do?

what if login page is not working

what is there in developer tools

what is network tab in developer tools

which kind of request do you know

difference between post and put

difference between put and patch

The questions were related to answers I was giving.

Do have any questions?



Round 2:

Which design pattern you have implemented in your project

what is singleton pattern

eager vs lazy loading in case of singleton

when to use eager or lazy

how can you make sigleton pattern

what are basic needs to achive singleton pattern

what are the ways to get singleton pattern

approch for 2 problems were asked

find the maximum sum of subarray

fastest way to find missing number in an array of consecutive integers starting from 1

pillars of OOP

SOLID principles

ACID properties

there is a table AUDIT_LOGS (id, timestamp) whenever someone visits website this table gets updated with auto 
genenerated id and time stamp of request. there is data of one week  

wirte a query to identify busiest hour i.e. most requests in an hour

and sort the data descendingly according to number of requests

what is normalization

Do you have any questions?



Round 3:

how was your day with other 2 guys

did they asked about your project

what is your project

draw user flow diagram of your project

which hashing algo you have used

what is hashing

do you know normalization and how did you use it in your project

what is index, did you use any?

have you used data abstraction

what was your role in project

on which part you have worked

what difficulties you have faced during project 

what technical difficulties you have faced during project and how did you come across solution

(this question is asked 5 times consecutively)

is there any conflict occured regarding flow and who was the decider

conflict about technology and who was decider

Do you have any questions?



To sum up with all three rounds, no one is trying to trap me in unanswerable problem
even if i couldn't answer they were helping me by providing some suggestions or by
the means of some another sub questions. everyone is trying to maintain flow.

 