
What do you mean by Data Structures?

Explain self-referential structure? Explain its need?

List out the areas in which data structures are applied extensively?

Write binary search algorithm with and without recursion?

Explain the data structures used to perform recursion?

How to write a program to implement merge sort?

How to write a program to implement quick sort?

Sorting is not possible by using which of the following methods? 
(Insertion, Selection, Exchange, Deletion)

Explain stack? Which are the applications of stack?

Convert a given infix expression into postfix and then evaluate it. (Write code)

Explain queue? Which are the types of queue?

Explain the queue full condition for circular queue?

Write in brief the method to implement two stacks using single array?

How can we implement stack and queue using linked list?

Which are the shortcomings of array over linked list?

Explain linked list?

How to write a program to reverse linked list?

How can we reverse linked list using single pointer? Write a program.

If you are using C language to implement the heterogeneous linked list, what pointer type will you use?

How to detect whether linked list is linear or circular?

How to write a program to create heterogeneous linked list?

Find out address of middle node in single traversal?

Explain hash table? Explain hash function? How is it designed?

Explain collision and how to handle it?

Explain bucket? Explain load factor?

Explain binary search tree?

Minimum number of queues needed to implement the priority queue?

Define the notations used in Evaluation of Arithmetic Expressions using prefix and postfix forms?

Convert he expression ((A=B)*C-(D-E)^(F+G)) to equivalent Prefix and Postfix notations.

Define the methods available in storing sequential files?

Write in brief tree traversal techniques?

Which are the types of tree? Write in brief in brief?

Explain AVL tree?

Explain BFS and DFS?

List out few of the Application of tree data structure?

List out few of the applications that make use of multilinked structures?

In tree construction which is the suitable efficient data structure? (Array, Linked list, Stack, Queue)

Explain the type of the algorithm used in solving the 8 Queens problem?

In an AVL tree, at what condition the balancing is to be done?

Does the minimum spanning tree of a graph give the shortest distance among any 2 specified nodes?

Which is the simplest file structure? (Sequential, Indexed, Random)

Whether Linked List is linear or Non-linear data structure?

Explain the difference among the HEAP and the STACK?

Write in brief the data structures of a double linked list.

How do you insert a record among two nodes in double linked list?

In which data structure, elements can be added or removed at either end, but not in the middle?

Which one is faster? A binary search of a ordered set of elements in an array or a sequential search of 
elements?

Explain a balanced tree?

Which data structure is needed to convert infix notations to post fix notations?

Which data structures can we implement using linked list?



Explain the bucket size, when the overlapping and collision occur at same time?

Classify the Hashing functions based on the various methods by which the key value is found

Define the types of Collision Resolution Techniques and the methods used in each of the type?

In RDBMS, Explain the efficient data structure used in the internal storage representation in DB module?

List different types of data structures.

Find nth last node in linked list in one iteration.

Explain The Difference Among A Stack And An Array?

What Do You Mean By Recursive Definition?

Define The Benifits Of Linked List Over Array (static Data Structure)?

We Apply Binary Search Algorithm To A Sorted Linked List, Why?

Define The DisBenifits Array Implementations Of Linked List?

Define The DisBenifits Of Representing A Stack Or Queue By A Linked List?

Is It Necessary To Sort A File Before Searching A Particular Item ?

Parenthesis Is Never Required In Postfix Or Prefix Expressions, Why?

 List Out The Areas In Which Data Structures Are Applied Extensively?

 Explain The Data Structures Used To Perform Recursion?

List Out Few Of The Application Of Tree Data-structure?

There Are 8, 15, 13, 14 Nodes Were There In 4 Different Trees. Which Of Them 

Could Have Formed A Full Binary Tree?

Explain A Spanning Tree?

 Difference Among Calloc And Malloc ?

Why Do We Use A Multidimensional Array?

Explain The Difference Among Null And Void Pointer?

Explain The Difference Among Array And Stack?

Tell How To Check Whether A Linked List Is Circular ?

How Can I Search For Data In A Linked List?

Define The Goals Of Data Structure?

What Does Abstract Data Type Mean?

What Do You Mean By Shortest Path?

State the difference Among Primitive And Non-primitive Data Types?

Define The Types Of Queues?

List The Applications Of Queues?

Define minimum number of Queues needed to implement the priority queue?

When can you tell that a Memory Leak will occur?

How do signed and unsigned numbers affect memory?

State The Different Types Of Linked Lists?

List The Basic Operations Carried Out In A Linked List?

Write the syntax in C to create a node in the singly linked list.

Can we apply Binary search algorithm to a sorted Linked list?

How do you search for a target key in a linked list?

How does selection sort work?

Briefly write in brief the approaches to develop algorithms.

Which data structure is ideal to perform Recursion operation and why?

Explain tower of hanoi?

Explain interpolation search technique?

Explain hashing?

Explain merge sort and how it works?

Explain shell sort?

List some applications of Tree-data structure?

Why it is said that searching a node in a binary search tree is efficient than that of a simple binary tree?


Define the applications of Graph data structure?