

-------------------------------------------------

"why do you want to change your company?"

As you know, I am an ambitious person. And I want to achieve greater heights, i.e. impossible to achieve from my current job role. Yet, I would like to mention that this organization, which is a second home to me, also helped me develop and polish my skills.

Not to forget, my team, other coworkers and my boss have been truly supportive at crucial junctures. We have seen several highs and lows, yet we stuck together as a team always. I will miss being a part of this company and will miss the guidance of my boss, who is an institution in himself (Ahem! :) :) )

I would like to say that everyone makes a job switch in the corporate world today. I was wondering whether you made a similar transition at some point in your career? If yes, why did you do it? And how have you liked this space so far?”
--------------------------------------------------------------

https://www.educba.com/computer-science-interview-questions/


https://dare2compete.com/blog/interview-questions-for-freshers


https://www.indiabix.com/hr-interview/questions-and-answers/





As a fresher, I want 3 things to start my career journey.

First is a platform. I think your organization has the best platform for me to start my career. 
The second thing was growth. 
This is the place where I can learn a lot and enjoy many challenges and 
opportunities for my growth as well as organization growth. And the last thing was an opportunity 
this is the best opportunity for me to join your organization and take my career to the next level.


Well, I know I am not very different from others. I know that there are many, who are looking for this
 opportunity I see this opportunity to contribute my skills I feel my skills are particularly well suited
 for this position and also I am very passionate about my work and passionate about learning things so
 this is the main reason why
 you should hire me if you give opportunity I prove you that your decision of selecting me will be not wrong.


My strength is I'm a quick learner and I'm adaptable to work in any environment And I consider my myself a 
focused person


why doo you want to join in our company ?
I always looking forward to learning new things and technology 

Sir everyone likes to work in a good organization, and this is a reputed company. 
And as a fresher I will learn new think and skills, similarly, I need a job.

That's why I want to work in your company.

Sir why because I know this company will help me to enhance my skills and to gain more knowledge in 
the industry.

Sir, I am a fresh graduate and I am looking forward to an experience where
 I can improve myself better for the 
future if you are going to give me a chance to work with your company I'll do my best and sir my since
rity and my loyalty will be the sign of my community myself to this company


Can you work under pressure?

Yes, Sometimes I would like to work under pressure because I 
can improve my skills and knowledge, so that's not a problem for me at all.


Yes, love to work under pressure situations, this will unleash our hidden talent, skills. Our focus will be on 
the work, so mistakes will be reduced.


Sample Answers for "Where do you see yourself in 5 years ?"
Sample Answer 1
In five years, my goal is to successfully complete a couple of certifications related to my position. I went th
rough your website before this interview, and I found out that you offer your employee's education advancement 
opportunities that include pursuing certifications to take a step ahead in their careers. Using th
e resources your company provides its employees, I truly believe that I can achieve my career goals and eventually
 move into a management position within your organization over the next few years. 

Sample Answer 2
My goal for the next 5 years would be to become a subject-matter expert in my domain and gain as much knowledge 
pertaining to my position and advance into a managerial role within my department. I am really intrigued by the 
personalized training programme your company offers to its employees, and I truly believe that this approach to
 training will allow me to learn new skills and grow myself within this position. In the next five years, I see 
myself taking on challenging projects within your company that will prepare me for a management role with the o
rganization.

Sample Answer 3
My goal for the next few years is to lead the writing team and acquire new project management skills in my position.
 I am excited about the opportunity this job offers to me as I believe this job will support my long-term career 
goals, help me grow within your company, and allow me to use the skills I have acquired to go about my projects
 in a better fashion. 

Sample Answer 4
Since I became a project manager in my last job, I realized that I really like project management and handling 
resources. In the next five years, I am gearing up to lead larger projects or lead multiple project teams. Taking
 up the role of a Senior Project Manager in your company is a big step in that direction. I think it would be a
 fine challenge to take up wherein I can leverage my 3+ years of project management experience in the same industry.

Sample Answer 5
In the next 5-10 years, I hope to lead a team or department. I’ve always enjoyed being in a leadership position
 in my career, so developing myself as a leader is one of my core career goals over the next few years. Your jo
b posting appealed to me and looked exciting and mentioned some great leadership opportunities, so I was eager 
to have a job interview and learn more about this opportunity.


What are your goals?

My short-term goal is to place in a reputed organisation where I can enhance my skills and
 gain knowledge.

My long-term goal is to get my organisation towards the topmost levels and also along with that my goal is to s
ecure a good position in that successful organisation.


My short-term goal is to get a good job in a reputed company like yours and my long-term goal is to achieve a good 
position where I can enhance my skill and build my career and help the organization too

Give me an example of your creativity.

Creativity is all about thinking outside the box and providing alternative solutions to an 
existing problem or demand considering the environmental health and safety.

According to me, creativity means not that making new things and making different things. 
Because I thought creativity is a thing that makes a person do something innovative and 
improved with implementing new ideas and try to make this as a special thing which was not repeated and 
try make like, which gives the people happy, make them to think about that.

Describe your ideal company, location and job.

Well according to me, the ideal company is the company which provide a healthy and 
motivating environment for their employees and give the best opportunities to enhance their career.

The ideal job is the job where the employee gets more benefits and opportunities to prove themselves.

So, where these two conditions are present that is the best location for me.


According to me, an ideal company for me is the company having a good environment 
in all aspects where one can add up knowledge and skills for the growth of the company by helping out one another.

And about location and job my opinion is that there is nothing ideal about place its all about work experience, 
adapting and updating.

How much salary do you expect?

As a fresher, my first priority is to get a job and practically improve my knowledge and skills. 
I expect salary according to the norms of the company and I agree with it.

I am fresher, salary is not first priority for me. This is a big platform to start my career.
 And I also want to improve my knowledge and skills and gain experience so I expect a considerable of 
salary according to my ability and your company's norms which fulfill my economical needs.

why do you chose it field ?
“I chose to work in IT because I’ve always been genuinely interested in technology, 
particularly how quickly technology is advancing. I also did quite a bit of research before choosing this 
career while I was in college, and it seemed to have high job satisfaction and great long-term prospects for 
career growth. So I felt that this career fits my personal interests and also my career goals.”

what success means to you ?



